Hey guys, it's Sid.
>> [music]
>> I've been avoiding filming this video
because I don't want [music] to know how
much I spent in New York and I also
don't want you guys to know how much I
spent in New York. Every time I leave my
apartment, minimum $100 down the drain.
And I I don't know how. That is what
inspired this video is I looked at my
credit card and I was like
what happened? So yeah, I'm getting my
day started late. It's 1:00 p.m. but I
thought I would pick up my camera, film
how much I spend every single [music]
day in a week living in New York. Please
go easy on me, guys.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Starting the day off strong. Just
[snorts] spent $9 on
a latte. Something about me that I'm not
proud of
>> [music]
>> is I will spend all of my money on
coffee. Here is how I justify this.
Because I work for myself, I work from
home, and I don't have an office space.
I like to go out to a coffee shop every
single morning because it gets me out,
it gets me in like a routine. So I
consider this $9 latte basically my rent
to work at the coffee shop for about 3-4
hours. This is how I can justify this in
my head. This is how I it makes sense to
me. Even though $9 is actually absurd, I
do have a punch card here. I'm a loyal
member. Every eight coffees I get a free
one. Everything adds up. So I'm going to
work here and enjoy this $9 latte.
>> [music]
>> When I got home, I desperately needed to
do laundry. One thing about my apartment
is I don't have any unit laundry, which
means I do have to pay for it. It's $3
to wash, so threw my laundry in.
>> [music]
>> While my laundry's going, I thought I'd
go for a little walk. I love walking on
the West Side Highway. It's so
beautiful. This is my like gym
replacement in the summertime often, and
it's also free. So, that's a perk. So, I
just texted one of my friends, and she's
going to meet me down there in 20
minutes. That's my update. It is a
little bit chilly.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I'm having one of those weeks where I
just I've been feeling so lonely. I feel
like I miss my family like extra. Oh,
hold on. Hello?
Melissa, I think you have the wrong
number. I'm with Helga. Hi.
Hi, everyone. Guys, Helga's like a
real-life angel. She's just like the
sweetest person ever. My mood's always
lifted. I'm no longer lonely.
>> Literally same. I should have your
nails.
>> Oh, yes, of course. Look at her nails.
These are real, right? They're real.
>> Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Real nails.
>> Always real.
>> Look how beautiful.
>> Aw. My nails could never.
>> [laughter]
>> Thank you. No, I can do your nails.
>> [music]
>> All right, guys, I'm back from laundry.
That means I'm about to spend three more
dollars.
>> [music]
>> Dinner is served. This Oh, wait.
>> [laughter]
>> Wait, do you care if you're in the
background? Like
>> Hey, am I right She's cooking dinner.
I'm about to sit down to eat dinner. We
actually usually eat together. We
usually like coordinate our meals, but I
was just in a rush. I'm having
leftovers. This is one of our favorite
meals to have. It's just so easy, and
it's actually makes for good leftovers.
This is one of my rotation dinners
though. It's ground beef, white sweet
potato, cottage cheese. Okay, hear me
out. It's good. I I know why. I really
doubted this, but together it tastes
great. Iceberg lettuce and hot honey.
This is kind of like a little bowl that
Olivia came up with and showed me. I've
been trying to not eat out so much
during the week. One cuz financially,
two just it's like so much better,
healthier. And I think I've been doing a
lot better at that this year. You guys
know I've been golfing and I really
don't have any golf clothes. Not that I
need like this perfect outfit, but for
like the club, I need something to wear.
I've literally been just wearing
leggings. So I just went on ThreadUp and
I found a couple things. I don't know. I
just got this skirt on like TikTok. I
love ThreadUp. It's so great. They have
good pieces that are inexpensive. My
total, $55.03.
Not too bad. These are the things that I
got. I think I'm safe for the night
though. I think I'm done spending money
today. I don't think I'll buy anything
else. I better not.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. I was supposed to go to
the gym. Didn't happen. Actually, I'm
kind of upset. I like upset with myself
about it. I'm starting my morning making
a smoothie. This is my favorite smoothie
ever. I actually got DMs from you guys
saying that you made this. Can't even
explain how happy that made me to see
you guys making something that I make
every day. I don't know. It's just so
cool and so many of you guys love it.
It's just the best smoothie recipe ever.
I feel like I've really perfected it.
I'm getting coffee with actually a girl
who does YouTube too. Her name's Isa. If
any [clears throat] of you guys watch
her or know her, I don't think I meet a
lot of other creators that often. Like I
feel like most people socialize more
than me. I think I'm just antisocial or
something. But I'm really excited to
meet her in person. This is the secret
ingredient in my smoothies, the cacao
nibs.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hey guys, I'm with Isa. Hi.
>> Wait guys, we have the same camera look.
Well, you guys can't see mine. This is
the best camera. Canon, the best. Based
on like what I spend in a week. Wait,
I'm spending I'm doing what I spend in a
day. Today? Yes. Yes. No. Wait, so
funny. That's That's crazy. I spent $0
because Isa bought me my coffee, guys.
How sweet. I spent Yeah, so Isa spent
too nice. Wait, she bought some
pastries, guys. You guys have to try
Radio Bakery if you're a New Yorker.
Earl Grey Morning Bun and a PB&J
croissant. We're going to do a taste
test. Yes, I have no original [laughter]
ideas.
Cheers. Cheers.
>> [music]
>> They're good.
So fresh. They bake every morning. What
do you rate it? I'd give it a nine. Ooh,
yeah, that's good.
>> [music]
>> So, I stumbled upon this market. One of
the things I love the most about New
York is there's just the most random
pop-ups and markets and foods to try. It
looks like they have some Jamaican food,
kind of like a lot of random things and
honestly I'm like a little bit hungry
and I kind of want to try something.
Just something small. I feel like I I
need to. This is so cool, guys. Like
what is happening?
>> [music]
>> I just spent $12 on these Brazilian
cheese balls. It comes with this little
chive sauce. I feel like a food
reviewer.
Mhm.
This is really good. It's like a little
bit doughy, which I love.
When my parents visit me in a couple
weeks, I'm going to take them here.
Worth every penny.
And then this is me running really late
later to meet my friend Hugo for dinner.
I was at home and suddenly fell asleep
for 2 hours. I literally never napped,
so I don't know what the heck happened.
Anyways, I am going to dinner with my
same friend as last night, Helga. I It's
kind of last minute. I just like, "Wait,
what are you doing?" So yeah, we're
going to get Cava. I literally love this
spot. It's so good. Dinner time. She's
back. 2 days in a row. I got a summer
chicken bowl with pepper avocado,
pineapple. Helga?
>> I got a salmon bowl. We're so far away
from each other. This is $20 dinner.
It's going to be so worth it. I love
this place. This is a crazy Friday night
for us. Yeah.
>> [music]
[music]
>> What a crazy Friday night, guys.
25-year-old girl in New York. I'm at
frozen yogurt by myself. After dinner, I
was walking home. So I didn't spend any
money actually on my transportation
home. I like walking in the city when
it's warm. Like it's just so nice out. I
was walking and I was like, "Ugh, I want
a sweet treat." And I've been like
craving frozen yogurt so much the past
week, so I decided go in, take myself on
like a little yogurt date. I got mini
M&M's and strawberries. Kind of a vibe
in here. I'm kind of loving this for
myself. I actually did have plans with a
friend after this that sort of fell
through, which is also why I needed a
pick-me-up. Oh wait, how much was this?
I think this was like $8, guys. I spend
so much of my money on food. Last time I
looked at my Amex bills, all of my money
was on food. You'll You'll see that this
week.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Long time no talk. I'm on my way to
dinner. Today I was stuck in front of my
laptop all day long. Since it's
Saturday, my boyfriend and I are going
to go on a little dinner date at one of
our favorite restaurants. It's called
One White Street in Tribeca. So, I'm on
my way there. This is my date night
outfit. I'm taking the cab because I'm
running late. I think it's like $15-ish.
$15 was all I spent on date night
because my sweet, lovely boyfriend got
me dinner. We had such a great date
night and then the next day, you are
seeing that right. I am wearing the
exact same outfit. Please don't ask. We
were running a little late. This [music]
was actually Mother's Day. So, we took
an Uber out to see his family. The only
thing I bought this day were flowers for
his mom, of course. These ones were
beautiful and they were also $60. So,
I'm trying to balance blogging with my
boyfriend versus just being alone. I
usually just try to be in the moment.
Anyways, now you're all caught up. Good
morning, guys. I'm back at the office.
Starting my day as usual, doing work. I
was able to redeem my punch card, so I
got a free coffee today. Best possible
way to start my day. So, I did spend
nothing so far. Yes, I did forget to
show it again before I drank it. I do
have a birthday brunch for my friend in
a little bit, so I'm going to go pick up
part of her gift for her. So, right
across from the coffee shop, there is
[music] this little gift shop and I need
a bag for her birthday gift. I have like
the gift itself. They have so many cute
bags here. I picked up this very Helga
birthday bag. Also, she loves matcha and
I saw [music] this matcha chocolate that
I had to add to the gift. And she also
loves flowers and always always gets me
flowers for no reason. So, I had to also
add some. And then we surprised her. It
was a surprise birthday brunch and she
was
actually surprised. [music] She's
usually not.
>> [music]
>> Brunch ended up being $54. Expensive,
but I've been wanting to try this place
for so long. Their bagels were really
good. I'm a sucker for a good bagel.
Then I took an impromptu stop at
Walgreens. I went in [music] for one
thing, I always end up with like five.
Really needed some allergy medication.
So, yes, it's true. The rumors are true.
I'm going to the gym today. Ever since I
got back from my friend's birthday
brunch, I was on a 2-hour and 30-minute
hold related to health insurance. So, I
think the number one thing I want to do
is literally run my anger out on a
treadmill.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Can I get the iced protein latte with
sugar-free vanilla?
Good morning, guys. I started the day
off with a Dunkin' latte. I actually got
something different. I wanted to try
their vanilla protein latte and really
good. It's like less sweet than I
thought, which I kind of like. $7, but
well worth it. I love Dunkin'. Starting
off the day grabbing groceries because I
have nothing. I usually go to Whole
Foods just because it's really close to
me and I can easily walk there. Walking
home is another story, especially if I
have a lot of groceries, so I guess
we'll see.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Workout of the day complete because I
did just walk home with all my
groceries. I actually really need one of
those grocery carts. Everyone like keeps
sending me them. I did need to stock up
on some things and this will be good for
me so I don't eat out. I feel really
guilty when I eat out when I have a ton
of groceries, so I wanted to do a little
quick haul. I love you guys know I love
grocery hauls. And I might as well show
you my favorite things that I got. So,
actually, do you guys like grocery
hauls? Like, please let me know. If it's
just me, I'll stop doing them. Granola,
blueberries, and strawberries for yogurt
bowls. Mini bell peppers are the best
snack. Crackers and hummus to go along
with it. Protein powder for my
smoothies. Cacao nibs also for my
smoothies. Bananas. Frozen kids meals
because I'm a child. I'm addicted to
SmartSweets. Frozen yogurt bars. Ground
beef. Some oat meals. And cotton rounds.
That is everything I got. You know, was
it worth $150? I don't know.
But,
probably not. Anyways, time to put all
of this away in my fridge.
Later that night, my cousin asked me to
go see a movie at an outdoor theater in
Manhattan. Update, we're at the movie.
No one's here. Well,
>> [laughter]
>> I know no one's here. You want to say
hi?
Hey. What up?
>> This is my cousin.
I'm Tori.
Her cousin. We go way back.
Birth This outdoor theater experience
costs $27
with popcorn. We got the upgrade. It was
23 [music]
if we didn't. Very worth it. Well,
actually, I don't know yet. We haven't
seen the movie, but I feel like this is
a fun activity to do that isn't like
crazy expensive.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, guys. So, we officially made
[music] it a week. Well, 6 days. The
inevitable time has come. It is time to
see how much I spent.
I'm blurring my feet. Don't get any
[music] ideas. Do I just rip the
band-aid off? I ended up spending
$533.09.
[music]
The sad part is this doesn't even
include my rent.
Um I'm trying to look at what I spent
the most on, and I feel like a lot
[music] of it was food. Food, coffee,
and sweet treats. Also, convenience like
Ubering. To be honest, this was a good
week for me. I didn't make any like
insane big purchases. [music]
It can get worse than this. Having lived
in Minnesota before this, New York is so
expensive. People are not lying when
they say that. It is. You cannot leave
the apartment without spending [music]
at least 50 bucks. I feel so lucky to
ever even be able to live in New York in
the first place [music] because I never
would have been able to afford this when
I was living in Minnesota. This was fun.
I hope you guys enjoyed this. Time to
sit with this number in my head. Thanks
for watching. Please don't judge me. You
actually you can judge me.
It's okay. See you soon. Bye.
>> [music]
[music]